# productreport
Aman Gupta says boAt looking at IPO in FY25-F¥26, , not listing this year Last year, Imagine Marketing, the parent company of boAt, raised Rs 500 crore through funding from existing shareholder Warburg Pincus and new investor Malabar Investments boAt, the popular audio and wearables brand, is not planning to go public this year and is instead eyeing the timeframe of fiscal year 2025 to 2026 for its initial public offering (IPO), said the co-founder Aman Gupta. In an interview with PTI, Gupta stated that the company is not in a rush to list and is currently well capitalised. Gupta explained that there was a period when startup IPOs were in vogue, but market volatility changed the scenario. He emphasised that boat does not have an immediate need to go public and could consider an IPO in a few years. He confirmed that boAt listing would not happen this year.                                                                                                  
                                         
                                         "We don't need to go for an IPO, as such. We can do that after a few years also.. So, maybe FY25-FY26 is what we're looking.. We're not in a hurry to To M a nurry to list,' Gupta said,

 Gupta, who gained recognition through his participation in Shark Tank India, was recently part of an official delegation during Prime Minister Narendra Modi's visit to Paris. At the Indo-French CEO Forum, he highlighted the growth of entrepreneurship in India and shared boAt's success story as evidence of the immense opportunities in Regarding the possibility of raising more more capital before going public, Gupta said that while the startup is not currently in need of funds, the decision will depend on the company's growth aspirations and market conditions. He acknowledged that they may consider additional fundraising based on their position and ambition but emphasised that boAt is currently well funded.
                                    'We might look at it depending on where we are, and where our ambitions are.. Never say never, but it is not like we need funds, " he said. 
    Last year, Imagine Marketing, the parent company of boAt, raised Rs 500 crore through funding from existing shareholder Warburg Pincus and new investor Malabar Investments. The funds were intended to support boAt's expansion into the fast-growing smartwatches segment while further solidifying its position in the personal audio market Gupta stressed that boAt is adequately funded and well capitalised at present. He mentioned that if additional funds become available, the company would not decline the opportunity, but it is not a pressing requirement Gupta also explained that listing on the stock market is necessary for startups to provide an exit to early investors, He emphasised that it is not a matter of choice but rather a fiduciary duty towards investors. The timing of the IPO depends on when Indian mkt growing at good pace; overseas plans to be in place FY25 onwards: boAt's Aman Gupta When boAt entered the audio segment there were almost 200 brands, but the company cut through the clutter and over the last 10 quarters cemented its lead. For FY23, its total sales were over Rs 4,000 crore Asked about the overseas market that seems to hold potential, Gupta cited markets like Bangladesh, Nepal, Indonesia and the UAE. The audio and wearables market in India is growing at a good pace, driving incremental revenue and production ramp-up plans for boAt, and the company's international blueprint will be set in motion only from FY25 onwards its co-founder Aman Gupta has said The overseas plans are currently in marketing but for now, the company is determined to cement its position in the smartwatches segment, its biggest focus this year. "For this year, our focus is not international..we are putting (building) blocks so that by next year, we should start  looking at international..This year, we are trying to test the waters with some markets,' Gupta told PTI. Overall, boAt is targeting gross sales of about Rs 5,000 crore in FY24. 
 "The market is growing at a very good pace. In audio, we are the market leaders, while in wearables, we are competing with different players and competition keeps changing. The smartwatch market is growing at a high, good pace, and that is our biggest focus now, this year,"  he said.  
 
